The Project Gutenberg eBook of Uncle Wiggily's funny auto, by Howard
R.  Garis

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Uncle Wiggily's funny auto
       How the skillery skallery alligator was bumped and Uncle Wiggily
       and his snow plow also How the bunny rabbit gentleman watered the
       garden

Author: Howard R.  Garis

Illustrator: Lang Campbell

Release Date: May 16, 2023 [eBook #70783]

Language: English

Produced by: Bob Taylor, David Edwards and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK UNCLE WIGGILY'S FUNNY
AUTO ***





  Transcriber’s Note
  Italic text displayed as: _italic_




[Illustration:

  This little book
  is from the library of

  ————————
  ————————
  ————————

  When you have read, and laughed with glee
  Please bring this book right back to me.]




  UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO
  or
  HOW THE SKILLERY SKALLERY ALLIGATOR WAS BUMPED
  and
  UNCLE WIGGILY AND HIS SNOW PLOW
  also
  HOW THE BUNNY RABBIT GENTLEMAN WATERED THE GARDEN

  [Illustration: Rabbit with wrench]

  TEXT BY
  HOWARD R. GARIS
  Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

  PICTURED BY
  LANG CAMPBELL

  NEWARK, N. J.
  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEW YORK




IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal
shovel away from the gas stove, you may read

   1. UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.
   2. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.
   3. UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.
   4. UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.
   5. UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.
   6. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.
   7. UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.
   8. UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.
   9. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.
  10. UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.
  11. UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.
  12. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.
  13. UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.
  14. UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.
  15. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.
  16. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.
  17. UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.
  18. UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.
  19. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WATER SPOUT.
  20. UNCLE WIGGILY’S LAUGHING GAS BALLOONS.
  21. UNCLE WIGGILY’S EMPTY WATCH.
  22. UNCLE WIGGILY’S RADIO.
  23. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE BEAVER BOYS.
  24. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE TURKEY GOBBLER.

  Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration:

  Uncle Wiggily (signature)
  HIS MARK]


  _Made in U. S. A._

  Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
  Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924, 1927, Charles E. Graham & Co.,
   Newark, N.J., and New York.




[Illustration: Empty car]


1. “This is too lovely weather to stay in the hollow stump bungalow,”
said Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy one day. “I’ll get Uncle Wiggily to take
me for a ride in his automobile.” Going to the door the muskrat lady
housekeeper called: “Wiggy! Oh, Wiggy! Where are you?” But no answer
came, though the car was in plain sight in the yard. “I wonder if he
has gone adventuring by himself?” said Nurse Jane.

[Illustration: Wiggily with wrench]

2. Once more the muskrat lady called. And then a voice, faint and far
off answered her: “What do you want?” The muskrat lady nearly jumped
out of her skin. “Where in the world are you, Wiggy?” she asked. “I’d
like you to take me for a ride.” Uncle Wiggily crawled from beneath
the machine. “I have been fixing the car so it would ride faster and
better,” he answered. “I’ll soon be ready for you.”

[Illustration: Car with front wheels off the ground]

3. The rabbit gentleman washed himself clean of oil and black dirt,
and, dressed in his best suit, he started to take Nurse Jane for a
ride. “Maybe we’ll have some adventures,” spoke the muskrat lady.
At first the auto ran along very easily. But, all of a sudden, it
reared up on its hind wheels like a skittish horse and began moving
backward. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily, what did you do to it?” cried Nurse
Jane.

[Illustration: Car on right two wheels]

4. “I didn’t do anything to the auto except fix it,” said Uncle
Wiggily. “Yes, you fixed it all right!” cried Nurse Jane. And just
then the car settled down on all four wheels and began to race around
a tree like playing Ring in the Rosie game. “Oh, what is going to
happen now?” squeaked Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy. Uncle Wiggily held her in as
the car skidded on two wheels. “Don’t jump!” shouted the rabbit.

[Illustration: Car on front two wheels]

5. Uncle Wiggily twisted this way and that way on the steering wheel,
and finally the auto stopped skidding around the tree. “Now I guess
we are all right,” laughed the bunny rabbit. “Anyhow, you wanted some
adventures, Nurse Jane, and you are getting them.” Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy
sniffed. “Yes, I’m getting them all right,” she said. “Oh, what’s it
doing now?” she cried, as the auto tilted up again.

[Illustration: Alligator chasing car]

6. By hard work, Uncle Wiggily saved Nurse Jane from falling out of
the car. And by speaking kind words to the machine, and by putting a
little talcum powder on the radiator, the rabbit gentleman at last
got his auto to settle down and jog along as it should do. But, all
of a sudden, as Nurse Jane looked back, wondering how many miles they
had come, she saw the Skillery Skallery Alligator. Oh my!

[Illustration: Car speeding along with alligator behind]

7. “Ho! Ho!” bellowed the Alligator, opening wide his big mouth. “I
shall soon have some fine ear-nibbles.” Then he flipped his tail and
he flapped his tail and after Uncle Wiggily’s auto the Alligator
ran. “Oh, go fast! Go fast, Uncle Wiggily!” cried Nurse Jane. So the
rabbit uncle made his car go as fast as he could. “I hope it plays no
more tricks,” thought Uncle Wiggily. “If it does, we are lost!”

[Illustration: Car chasing alligator]

8. All of a sudden, when the Alligator had almost caught Uncle
Wiggily and Nurse Jane, the auto gave a shiver and a shake. “Oh, it’s
going to cut up some more tricks!” cried the rabbit. “Come, Nurse
Jane, we’ll get on the back seat.” And, no sooner were they safe on
the back seat than the automobile turned around, all by itself, and
began to chase the Alligator. “Now it is my turn!” honked the auto.

[Illustration: Car hits alligator]

9. Faster and faster the auto ran after the Alligator. “Ha! Ha!”
laughed Nurse Jane. “I wonder how the Skillery Skallery chap likes
being chased? Keep on, Auto!” And the auto kept on, until, all of a
sudden, it reached the Alligator, and, bumping the bad chap with the
front wheels, sent the ’Gator flying over the trees. “Ah, now I can
faint safely,” sighed Nurse Jane. And the Squiggle Bugs danced.

And if the cream puff doesn’t jump into the pickle jar to hide away
from the chocolate cake when they’re playing tag, the next pictures
and story will tell how


[Illustration: Wolf standing in snow]


UNCLE WIGGILY WITH HIS SNOW PLOW, A KINDNESS TRIED TO DO. THE FOX AND
WOLF WERE VERY MEAN. THAT’S WHAT I THINK; DON’T YOU? I HOPE SO!

[Illustration: Pigs pulling snow plow]

1. One day, after a heavy fall of snow, Uncle Wiggily got out his
snow plow, and, with Curly and Floppy Twistytail, started to plow a
path around the hollow stump bungalow. “Now Nurse Jane can get out
and go to the three and four-cent store,” said the bunny. “I know
someone who can’t get out!” barked Jackie Bow Wow. “Grandpa Goosey is
snowed in!” The bunny said he’d plow him out.

[Illustration: Pigs pulling snow plow fast]

2. “Come, boys!” called Uncle Wiggily to Curly and Floppy, when he
heard that his friend Grandfather Goosey Gander was snowed in. “We
must dig him out.” Off they started and the piggie boys went so fast
that they scattered a shower of snow on either side. “If anyone was
there,” grunted Curly, “we’d snow them under.” Floppy said that was
so. On they went, faster and faster to the pen of Grandpa Goosey.

[Illustration: Wiggily and goose]

3. Reaching the goose gentleman’s house, Uncle Wiggily saw that it
was all snowed in, for there had been a blizzard. “But we’ll soon
make a path for him!” cried Mr. Longears, twinkling his pink nose.
“Lively now, piggie boys!” Around the house they went with the snow
plow, Uncle Wiggily steering it. “Thank you for digging me out!”
quacked Grandpa. “Uncle Butter is next,” mewed Tommie Kat.

[Illustration: Pigs with plow at goat house]

4. “What’s that?” cried Uncle Wiggily as he heard Tommie mewing.
“Your friend Uncle Butter, the goat, is also snowed up,” said Tommie.
“We must snow plow him out!” cried Uncle Wiggily. “Hurry, piggie
boys!” Very soon they came to a big wall of snow. Over the top they
saw a chimney. “Uncle Butter lives there,” said Curly. “But our plow
can never get through all that snow. What shall we do?”

[Illustration: Goat flying through snow]

5. All of a sudden, as Uncle Wiggily and the piggie boys were
wondering how to get Uncle Butter out of his snow-drifted house,
there sounded a loud: “Baa-a-a-a-a!” Then through the snow wall came
the goat gentleman, head first. “How did you get out?” asked Uncle
Wiggily, as the goat flew over his head. “I lowered my horns and I
butted my way through the snow,” bleated the goat. “Now I’ll help
you.”

[Illustration: Goat and pigs pull snow plow]

6. After Uncle Butter burst his way through the snow, he helped the
piggies pull the snow plow, and they cleared a path around the goat’s
house. “We must dig out more of my friends,” said Uncle Wiggily. Off
they started again, and at last they came to two big heaps of snow.
“Hum!” said the bunny. “Some of my friends must live here, though I
can’t remember who they are. But I’ll plow them out.”

[Illustration: Fox and wolf jump from snow mounds]

7. All of a sudden, just as Uncle Wiggily was going to plow around
the two snow mounds, to dig out those whom he thought were his
friends—all at once, from one mound burst the Fox, and from the other
the Wolf. “Ha! Ha!” snickered the bad chaps. “That’s the time we
fooled Uncle Wiggily. He thought we were his friends, but now we can
nibble his ears.” You can imagine how sad Uncle Wiggily felt.

[Illustration: Snow plow covers wolf and fox]

8. Just as the Fox and Wolf jumped to catch Uncle Wiggily by the
ears, Uncle Butter bleated: “Come on, piggie boys! We’ll fool these
bad chaps. Come on! We’ll scatter snow over them and cover them up
again as they were at first. Then they can’t nibble us!” Off started
the goat gentleman and the piggie boys pulling Uncle Wiggily on the
plow. On either side shot out a stream of snow over the Fox and the
Wolf.

[Illustration: Goat and Wiggily wave hats]

9. “Oh wow!” howled the Fox, as he felt himself being snowed in
again. “Double-wow!” howled the Wolf. “And we get no ear nibbles
after all. It’s all your fault, for being so hasty, Mr. Fox!” Then
the Fox snarled and said: “’Tisn’t at all! It was your fault!” And
there they were, stuck back in snow drifts as before. And then the
piggie boys pulled Uncle Wiggily and Uncle Butter off on the snow
plow.

And if the jumping jack doesn’t try to ride the rocking horse around
the dining room table and fall off and down into the salt cellar, the
next pictures and story will tell how




[Illustration: Wiggily with water hose]




UNCLE WIGGILY WATERS HIS GARDEN AND HIS NEIGHBORS, AND WHEN BUSHY
BEAR CAME LUMBERING ALONG HE WAS WATERED TOO.

[Illustration: Wiggily gets hose to water the garden]

1. There had been no rain in a long time, so Uncle Wiggily said: “I
will take the hose and water the garden.” Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy, in
the hollow stump bungalow, heard the bunny gentleman getting ready to
sprinkle. “Be careful,” she warned Uncle Wiggily. “Don’t get wet and
don’t splash any of the neighbors.” The bunny gave a jolly laugh and
said he guessed he knew how to handle a simple little hose.

[Illustration: Wiggily looking at hose end]

2. Uncle Wiggily unwound the hose, fastened one end to the faucet
and then he turned the nozzle toward the garden, which was very dry.
But the water was a long time coming. “I wonder if the hose can be
stopped up?” thought Uncle Wiggily. “Water ought to be spurting out
by this time. I’ll look down the nozzle and see what’s the matter. I
certainly can’t wet my garden without some water.”

[Illustration: Water sprays Wiggily]

3. All of a sudden, when Uncle Wiggily was squinting down the hose
nozzle, the water quickly spurted out. Before the rabbit gentleman
could jump away he got his face full of water. “Oh, my goodness!”
exclaimed Mr. Longears. “I didn’t think it was going to do that!” In
the window of the bungalow Nurse Jane couldn’t help laughing. “Didn’t
I tell you to be careful, Wiggy, my dear!” she called out.

[Illustration: Wiggily wrapped by hose]

4. Uncle Wiggily began to grow excited. He jumped about and tried to
pull the hose straight so he might water his garden, but the hose
kinked itself around one of his paws. “Oh my!” he cried. “I must be
very careful or I’ll fall and bump my pink nose.” The bunny danced
about, trying to get loose from the hose. But all the while the water
was spurting out, and, as he waved the nozzle, he scattered showers.

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying himself]

5. At last Uncle Wiggily hopped out of the kinky loop of the hose,
and he was just going to start watering his garden when up rose Mrs.
Twistytail, the lady pig. “Look what you did to me, Uncle Wiggily!”
she cried, shaking her parasol at him. “I’m soaking wet!” And the
rabbit gentleman was so flustered that he stuck the hose straight up
in the air. Well—what goes up must come down, you know!

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying water into house]

6. “I beg your pardon, Mrs. Twistytail! I really beg your pardon!”
exclaimed Uncle Wiggily. The pig lady grunted and waddled away to
get dry. Then the bunny noticed how wet he, himself, was. “Oh, I
must wring out my coat!” he exclaimed. He laid aside the hose for a
moment, but he never saw that he had pointed it at the open kitchen
window of his bungalow. “Swish!” went the water in the window.

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying goat]

7. Nurse Jane was in the kitchen, baking a lollypop pie, and when
she felt the water coming in she rushed to the window and cried:
“Oh, stop it, Uncle Wiggily! Stop it!” The rabbit gentleman grew
so excited that he grabbed up the hose and, before he knew it he
was sprinkling Uncle Butter the goat. “Don’t wet me!” bleated Uncle
Butter. “Save the water for the bushy Bear! He’s coming along!”

[Illustration: Bear coming]

8. “Oh, Uncle Butter! I beg your pardon, also!” cried Uncle Wiggily,
as he saw what he had done. “Never mind about begging pardons,”
bleated the goat. “Get ready for the Bear. He’s right behind me!”
And, surely enough, the Bushy Bear came lumbering around the corner
of the hollow stump bungalow. “Give me some ear nibbles!” he growled.
“Give him the hose!” cried Uncle Butter.

[Illustration: Wiggily sprays bear]

9. “Ha! That’s a good idea!” exclaimed the bunny as the Bear made
a rush for him. “Good morning, Mr. Bear!” went on Mr. Longears,
politely. “Have you washed your face today? If you haven’t I’ll
wash it for you!” And with that he sozzled the Bear good. “Ha! Ha!”
laughed Uncle Butter. “Do you want any ears to nibble?” The Bear
flopped a somersault, growling: “This is too much! I’ll be good!”

[Illustration:

  When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you
  would like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

  If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle
  Wiggily Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in
  and 31 stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store
  man has none of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct
  to the Publishers,


  A. L. BURT COMPANY,
  114 EAST 23rd STREET
  NEW YORK CITY]




[Illustration: LOOK HERE!

[Illustration: Book]

This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle Wiggily_.


  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEWARK, N. J.]




  Transcriber’s Notes

  pg 9 Changed: she saw the Skillery Scallery Alligator
            to: she saw the Skillery Skallery Alligator

  pg 31 Changed: Give he some ear nibbles
             to: Give me some ear nibbles

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK UNCLE WIGGILY'S FUNNY
AUTO ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

• You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation.”

• You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
  works.

• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you “AS-IS”, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™'s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
